So let's add some choreography
to this animation over here or
lack of animation, let's add some
animation and some choreography to that.
So what we're gonna do is we're
going to jump into style.scss.
And we already have
a few keyframes set up,
of course we have the shake,
but we also have slide-up.
So let's use that slide-up and
do a little bit of choreography.
So, first of all, we have the form
sliding up, which is great,
but now I want the input and the button to
sort of appear after the form slides up.
So we can add that same animation
to the input in button,
and let's see how that looks.
So, now you see that they all
slide up at the same time, but
we sort of wanted those to be a little
bit separate from each other.
So, instead of this I'm gonna
separate this a little bit.
We're gonna say animation-name: slide-up,
we are going to give it the same duration.
So in animation-duration,
var animation-duration,
and we also wanna give it the same easing.
Since this easing is already on the
parents, we could do this, we could say
animation-timing-function inherit: and
it's just going to grab that same easing.
Now we want these to appear after
this animation-duration which
we've set in a CSS variable.
So we could give this
input a delay of that
duration, so animation-duration,
and so let's see how that looks.
Okay, remember we need to fill-mode both.
And I'd like to just use
fill-mode both as a default.
At least when something like this happens,
you know that we can adjust the fill-mode.
So now, this is sliding up after
the entire form slide is up.
Okay, so now we have to do a little
bit of math here because the animation
delay over here is going to be
that same animation-duration but
we also want it to happen
a little bit after the input.
So, instead of doing a lot
of extra math here, again,
you could hoist this up to the parents.
So we could say that we had
the animation-duration over here, and so
this is basically going to be the
animation-duration of both the input and
the button.
So for now, I'm going to set,
Input-duration, and this is just going to
be the same as the animation-duration.
And so we could set that here.
Input-duration.
And so now instead of doing
animation duration times two or
animation duration plus
animation duration,
we could do a little bit of math here and
just to calc the animation duration,
Plus the input-duration.
So now, This is going to appear
right after the input appears.
Now, of could do a little bit
of staggering here as well,
or we could adjust the durations.
So, let's say I want this input-duration
to actually be half the length of
the total sliding up animation-duration.
So I could say calc,
animation-duration divided by 2.
And now this will happen
a little bit faster, and
the button will come in at the right time.
So that's just one of the many examples
that you could do with choreography.
And hopefully you all had
like a creative twist, or
just something custom
that you wanted to do.
But that's basically how you choreograph
animations, so any questions?
Yeah.
>> So on the form element after
our choreography has ended,
you can do multiple keyframes
on the same object.
Is can you do that in shorthand is that or
can we do like longhand for
so on the UI dash form.
Once everything is ended and we wanna do
a final like transformers scale up or
is that better or
is that a shorthand with a comma or
just listing them out one after the other
>> Well let's do that as an example,
so let's say that we wants to all right,
this will be silly.
Let's say we want to shape the form
after everything is done animating.
So what we could do is we could
separate these into animation name,
comma, separate, we want slide-up and
then we want shake etc.
Or what we could do is we could have
the longhand, also comma separated.
So we could say we want to slide-up and
then we want to shake,
but we want to shake, let's just use
the same animation duration so duration.
But now we want to,
this is gonna get mathy,
so I'm gonna calculate all of this,
we're just going to call
this total duration.
And so this is going to be
the animation-duration.
Plus the input-duration plus the button
duration which is the animation-duration
and I'll just put that over here just
to make things a little bit clear.
There button duration.
And so now, we could and of course
you could rename these to whatever
you want just to whatever makes sense for
you.
And so for the animation,
I want to move this up to the top
we could give it a delay
of that's total duration.
And so we could have this for
same amount of time.
All right let's see what happens.
So it's gonna slide-up that's gonna
come in that gonna come in and
then it's gonna shake.
So the main points that I want
to drive home for all of this.
Is that you really ought to use
CSS variables for doing this,
because that's going to allow you
to manually adjust the duration and
delay of each individual part.
And by using a little bit of math,
you don't have to change
all the different values.
And so also the animation panel,
someone did ask this in the chat, but
you could press Cmd+Shift+P on the Mac,
or Ctrl+Shift+P on windows, and
this will open up the command palette.
You could type animations, or
what you could do is you could click
the three dots over here, and
it should be in more tools, in animations.
So, if I reload this,
This is really cool because
you could see each of the animations
happening in a choreographed way.
So, let me see if I could
drag this column on, okay.
So, we have the slide-up first, and
then the input is sliding up,
then the button is sliding up.
And then we have our shake
animation right there.
So they'll works pretty well.
And we can inspect that, pretty cool.
I would be pretty scared to put my
email in the signup form like this,
but just for
explanation purposes it works.